Hi, I'm Jennifer Cail. On behalf of Expert
Village I'm going to show you how to make
this rich espresso fudge. Now that our fudge
has cooled down nicely in the refrigerator
it's time to take it out of the pan and cut
it into pieces. Unfortunately with the foil
it comes out of the pan really really easily.
So we are going to peel back the edges of
the foil and you want to make sure to place
it on a cutting board because we are now going
to be cutting it up with a rather sharp knife.
You just want to peel that back and you see
the edges of the fudge if you are going to
give this as a gift or you want to make a
nice presentation then you can even out all
of the edges. But for our purposes we don't
need to be quite that exact so you want to
cut it up into about 30 pieces. You are going
to start probably about an inch apart, then
using a nice strong heavy knife you want to
cut off nice large chunks of fudge. It's probably
going to stick a little bit so you want to
be careful, this is why you want a heavy knife
cause it's going to cut through the fudge
a little bit more easily. You want to continue
cutting until you have all of your incisions
lengthwise being very careful when cutting
it and removing the knife. You want to do
this while the fudge is still nice and cool
so that it doesn't get sticky and warm as
it comes to room temperature. Once you have
it cut one direction then you want to cut
slightly smaller amounts in the opposite direction.
You don't want to have huge pieces of fudge
but you don't want them to be tiny either.
You want to cut all the way across until we
have all of our fudge cut up.